"The 30 Years Old Speech"

The intended audience is not you, nor anyone else, but for myself. A reflection; to see something and perhaps figure out what it all means, to be me, and see what I have seen, all using the rule of threes. (And maybe a rhyming scheme).
3 questions, in 3 sections, about what I've learned in the last 3 decades. 
If anyone one else finds value here in the next 3x3 minutes, then we'll count it as a free-bee. 

* Who am I?
The hardest thing you will ever do, is find you.
I have spent the last 30 years dying and trying to make it all make sense, and this question seems to be the crux. I believe I have asked this question 3 times now; coming out as gay in high school, reaching my goal of graduating college, and now again, achieving my dream of moving to the East. This question of ‘who I am?’ and ‘who I want to be?’ is uncomfortable and challenging, especially with the frequency of which I ask it. 

Having the child like wonder and unbridled curiosity for the world will take you far. Be weird. Keep your heart open to being hurt. Do not fall to the sin of being jaded; That's how they win. 
Avoid labels on yourself and others, and consider peeking out of the box that you were placed in. 
Don't ever let anyone tell you or make you feel less than. There is absolutely nothing you cannot do, so go do it. Your passion is what will make you successful, in more ways than one.

I believe empathy, communication, and education, in that order, are my three pillars in life and tools that can solve anything.
Be comfortable with change, failing, and restarting. Remain dynamic and constantly question the status quo. 

These are the foundations of who I am. 
You are Devin Durham. I am Devin Durham.  

* What matters? 
Does it matter? Who cares? So what? Do I matter? 
The answer is nothing and everything at the same exact time. Be aware that tone and infliction changes this question and is an incredibly hard concept to grasp. 

I have always looked at life and my time here as very limited and found comfort with that.
I think we as individuals just kind of exist for a few years, and then you don’t. It's weird. and a little debilitating. but I’m still here. Killing time while time kills me. 

I’ve spent the last 30 years trying to solve other peoples dilemmas and ended up contorting myself into someone else and so much pain that it physically hurt.
The bleak complexity of life makes it easy to fall victim of the existential nihilism that is "what is the point?". 
However, each time I ask this question, I’ve realized the further away I get from the answer. 
I've attempted suicide twice over this question and it seems to be the killer. (Pun intended)

So if nothing matter, then why worry? 
Stop taking everything so seriously!

I think I matter, therefore I care. 
There is nothing we have to do. but there are costs and consequences to the things we chose to do or not do. 
What has meaning to me might have meaning to others, and will allow like minded people to be able to identify each other in a crowded room. 
Do not rob the individual who is alone in this world and feels as crazy as you do, seeking for a companion, and shares your passion. Your lessons and life experience is valued as a common wealth of wisdom, waiting to be passed down to others.  

* Why did I wake up today?
Currently, I'm struggling with this question and what I want out of life. But I'm also embracing not having to want something. Maybe I'm just ... Happy? content? or boarder line Enlightened?
I got everything I ever wanted before I was 30. It’s fucking annoying. 
Did I not dream big enough? 

I want happiness. And ironically, I think I have it. I just don’t know what to do with it. 
It's not permanent, a moving target, but I’m going to try and enjoying it while I have it. 
I'm also really bad at sharing it; something I need to work on. 

I think I got up to make art and education matter. 
I think my friends and family matter; their goals, dreams, and aspirations matter.  
I think expressing my thoughts and ideas matter to more than just myself. 
And that my unique life experience has meaning. 

I think I woke up today to strive to be a better person than I was yesterday. 

* So...in other words:
I think way too much about way too little.
And if you spend my day thinking what its all about, your gonna knock myself out. 

So maybe take a day off and don’t burden yourself with these cerebral questions, light up a joint, take a deep breath, and go on a long walk. 

Because really, I have no idea how this all goes or how it all ends.

But what I do know is that I want to be sitting on my porch at age 99, with a long lost friend asking for a beer, ignoring the passage of distance or time, and letting me have the pleasure to simply ask them: "So, how was the ride?"
